My story: ATONEMENT IN THE PAST
“Stop, you little squirrel!” Aster shouted at Junior, his twin brother. The boys were playing cops and robbers in the backyard of their house. Aster was brandishing a handgun but pointed up in the sky, not at Junior. He was rather bored that morning. If he were old enough, he would have complained about a feeling of numbness in his arms and legs. Actually, he felt a little tired but he couldn’t explain it. The instinctual desire for play prevailed. Besides, Junior was too excited, and bent on winning the game for once.  Aster knew that. The boys were nearly ten but Aster looked a bit older and bigger.
    Having taken after his mother, Junior was small built with fair skin, red hair and green eyes. Aster on the other hand had olive skin, brown eyes and black hair. It was obvious to friends and family that Aster would grow up to be just like his father, a big man with broad shoulders and strong hands, like Hercules, the Greek mythical hero. But Aster’s head was a puzzle. In the last year it had been growing disproportionately larger than his body.
     Junior always lost every time he competed with his brother. Aster was growing stronger and taller. But he was kind and rarely did he take advantage of his physical merits.
    The backyard was a spacious, open area that invited endless possibilities for young boys to explore and play. Enclosed by a wooden fence, the backyard offered a safe and private space for the children to let their imaginations run wild.
    At one end of the yard stood a large oak tree, its branches extending outwards, creating natural shade and the perfect spot for a treehouse and a rope swing. The treehouse, built by the boys' father, had a rustic charm, with a ladder made from wooden planks and a sturdy railing surrounding the platform. The rope swing, secured to a strong branch, beckoned the boys to take turns soaring through the air and laughing with delight.
    The lush St. Augustine grass, well-maintained and vibrant green, was soft underfoot, perfect for running and tumbling without worry. In one corner, a small vegetable garden, tended to by the boys and their parents, flourished with ripe tomatoes, crisp lettuce, and fragrant herbs. The family took pride in growing their own produce, and the boys enjoyed watching the garden transform throughout the seasons.
    Adjacent to the house, a covered patio provided a comfortable space for the family to relax and dine alfresco. A barbecue grill, picnic table, and a few lounge chairs created an inviting atmosphere for outdoor gatherings and summer cookouts. On sunny afternoons, the boys splashed and play in an inflatable pool set up on the patio, cooling off and making the most of the Texas heat.
    
    “OK, Aster,” Junior gasped, “Itʼs my turn now. Lemme have the gun and the star.”
    “All right, Junior. Juss gimme a head-start before you come after me, OK?”
    “Yeah, OK. Go!”
    No sooner had Junior pinned the Cheerios star on his white T-shirt than he ran after his brother. That was cheating. He was supposed to wait a little longer. Aster had complained to him several times and told Junior that giving a head-start means counting up to at least sixty before running after the other guy. But Junior knew that Aster didnʼt mind much. Besides, both of them felt that cheating a little was more exciting and, in spite of the occasional loud objections from either side, they managed to resolve the issue amicably. Aster and Junior were very close, shared the same room and sat next to each other in class at Marvin Elementary. Their parents, Heracles and Liz Roussos, were very proud of them and of the way they related to each other. Between Aster and Junior there was a strong bond of love and empathy which enabled them to communicate beyond words. They could anticipate each otherʼs thoughts and desires. 
    “Stop in the name of the law!” Junior kept shouting behind his brotherʼs back before Aster turned the corner of the shed to disappear from Junior’s view. Ha, ha. Heʼs hiding round the corner, Junior thought. He stopped and turned back to circle the shed from the other side and catch Aster by surprise. But just before he turned the other corner, Aster jumped in front of Junior with hands raised and growling like a monster. Junior did not expect that. He was so startled that he pooped his pants, and his fingers twitched. His eyes were shut tight. At the same time a loud noise like thunder filled his ears. Shit, he thought. When he opened his eyes, Aster was lying flat on his back with a wound on his chest.
    “Aster, Aster!” Junior shouted, but his voice was drowned by rolling thunders and the rattling of hail on the roof of the shed. Aster was dead. The wound on his chest was like a big red star on his white T-shirt.
    Junior raised his head and saw clouds gathering fast over the area while forked tongues of light staged a dance in the distance. Junior looked at Aster and saw that his brother’s face flashed repeatedly, as if some invisible photographer had found just the right angle to take Asterʼs portrait picture. From where Junior was standing the two bumps on Asterʼs forehead looked as if they had a life of their own, wrestling with the taut skin to poke out of Aster’s forehead.
    Shocked by what he had done to his brother, Junior stood riveted to the spot with eyes fixed on Asterʼs large head. Aster was a hydrocephalus and scheduled for surgery two weeks later.
    “Aaaster! Juuunior! Get in here before you get soaking wet!” their mother shouted from inside the house. As thunder and lightning intensified, they seemed to dance across the sky.
    An electrical storm was raging over Waxahachie, Texas, a monster of an electrical storm on a summer day!
    ***

My Poems

Title: Old Game

Rain washes blood away and
Time turns pain into a child’s play.
It’s all part of the old game
gods play with only one aim:
to laugh and joke and be gay
to their mortal heart’s content.


Title: Last Wish

If I could choose my last day on earth,
I would like it to be a rainy day
And have my last breath carried away
By the sound it makes water
Running from the roof
On an empty can beneath my window.

Title: How nice!

How nice to sit in this cozy
and clamoring coffee shop,
to sip one's steaming
Greek coffee in a little white cup,
knowing and not knowing that
this shop, this happy ambience
of laughter and clatter
and all that I see and don't see will
one day pass
into the dusty chest of memories!
How nice, that shop!

